Due to an excellent "feature" of c++'s compilation model regarding links libraries, must remember that essentially the spdlog and fmt libraries must be ordered such that fmt::fmt comes before spdlog::spdlog. As explained here:https://stackoverflow.com/a/409470/8594193. Spdlog by default builds as a static lib. Fmt by default builds as a shared lib. If I understand this all correctly, this means that when libfmt.so appears in the link command not much happens. However when libspdlog.a appears, anything that had appeared BEFORE libspdlog.a and that had unresolved symbols will now have those symbols (unsure on terminology) filled in. Thus putting these libs the other (the wrong) way with libspdlog.a before libfmt.so means that when the linker sees libspdlog.a it effectively throws it away as nothing that precedes it has any unresolved dependencies that it fills. The exception to this may be in the user's object file comes before this then the dependencies will be resolved here, however crucially they will not be resolved using the shared library libfmt.so which comes after as the static library stuff in libspdlog.a is gone by then.
This is additionally complicated by the fact that (quite reasonably) since spdlog wants to be self contained, it contains a subset of fmt bundled within it. And the fact that when spdlog installs even defaulting to the compiled version it seems to be able to fall back to the header only version silently - this could be my install. Defining SPDLOG_FMT_EXTERNAL as detailed in https://github.com/gabime/spdlog/wiki/8.-Tweaking doesn't seem to change much wrt. to this issue. Essentially though, with the order wrong - libspdlog.a libfmt.so - we get strange runtime segfaults with -O2 and with -O0 printing strings as NaN etc. I do not fully understand the why/how this occurs. Guessing something to do with the bundled fmt stuff in spdlog getting half-clobbered half-meshed with the resolved stuff from fmt after by linker? I don't know.

tldr: Make sure in building static spdlog (default) and shared fmt (default) to link with fmt::fmt BEFORE spdlog::spdlog unless you want pain.



Could change contains_and_further string param to mutable ref as we only change it then reset it back - saves a copy.
Change surrouding to pass an index to latest, save all the vector movement shenanigans which is a large portion of program runtime

Index by size, index by first letter, vector sorted by lexicographic
Index by first letter, index by size, vector sorted by lexicographic

